hope you're ready it'll be here any
minute got a rifle you know what a rifle
looks like it's just swords were your
thing and gun for mine but I guess we
both doing guns now I just didn't know
that
I see it within you fear jealousy
betrayal is it our duty to cleanse the
universe of the Queen
you know they told me you people were
conceited douchebags but that isn't true
at all
dude I'm using my wrong - seat belt on
go with saving the galaxy again we're
really gonna be able to jack up our
price it for two-time galaxy Davis
Oh
[Music]
sometimes the thing you're searching for
your whole life
it's right there by your side all along
you're right
oh you do with your family
Samiha
after all these years I've found you and
who the hell are you I'm your dad